Now, let's take a look at the data.
To begin, let's join our Returns table to the Orders table.
The icon here indicates that Tableau has
automatically joined these tables as an inner join.
If you click on the icon,
it'll show the other join options.
You could edit the join to be a left join,
a right join, or a full outer join.
Right now, let's select left join and close the dialog.
Now let's click over onto the sheet.
We now have columns from both orders and returns in our datasource.
And we can see which column headers are showing up under which table.
Here you see orders and down below you see returns.
Using the fields from a join table is as easy as using any.